   
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/rachel-tulin
(LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Wireshark
Python (Programming Language)
Network AdministrationRachel Tulin
Studying Cybersecurity @ Fullstack Academy | Aspiring SOC
Analyst | Problem Solver | Proprietor
New Orleans, Louisiana, United States
Summary
I have been self-employed for several years. I own and manage a
couple of rental properties abroad, and I own a small Pharmacy in
the Philippines, where I was born and raised. As much as I'm fond of
managing several businesses online, I have always been interested
in cyberspace and have a passion for information technology. 
I am now studying Cybersecurity BootCamp at Fullstack Academy,
where I'm currently learning its fundamentals, such as detecting
threats and incident response, analyzing network systems using
Wireshark and Python, bash scripting, and cryptography. After I
graduate from this program, I will be looking for a role where I can
apply my knowledge and skills in the cyber industry.
Experience
Happy Med Pharmacy (RQ Pharmacy)
Owner
May 2023 - Present  (1 year 10 months)
Philippines
Happy Med Pharmacy is a franchise retail pharmacy that sells prescription
and non-prescription medications to the general public. In addition to the
medication, Happy Med Pharmacy also sells beauty and personal care
products, nutritional supplements, and related devices.
•Supervise team of pharmacy staff members.
•Increase sales and customer satisfaction by optimizing the filling process to
reduce wait times.
•Promote pharmacy services to patients and medical providers. 
•Manage inventory. 
•Ensure compliance with all applicable laws and regulations.
RQ Homes 
Real Estate Rental Manager | Owner
April 2019 - Present  (5 years 11 months)
  Page 1 of 2
   
Philippines
•Market rentals to grow reservations and supply ads with exceptional pictures
and descriptions.
•Maintain a calendar of reservations to prevent double-booking and view
upcoming rentals.
•Provides an exceptional guest experience from check-in until checkout.
•Airbnb : https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/132555354
United States Postal Service
Postal Worker
October 2020 - May 2021  (8 months)
Rhode Island, United States
•Sort outgoing and/or incoming mail using automated equipment.
•Ensure all necessary support equipment and materials are organized for
sorting.
•Provide services at public window for non-financial transactions.
•Lifting or carrying moderate to heavy mail and packages.
Education
Fullstack Academy
Cybersecurity Bootcamp  · (August 2023 - November 2023)
Blue Cliff College-Metairie
Certificate, Medical/Clinical Assistant  · (January 2019 - October 2019)
ACLC College
Associate's Degree, Software Development  · (May 2009 - July 2011)
  Page 2 of 2