   
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/pere-adrian-
guzman-a52380251  (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Point of Sale (POS) Systems
Data Management
Customer Service
Certifications
Cisco Certified Network Professional
(CCNP)
Honors-Awards
Best Thesis
Outstanding Performance in Web.
App. Development 1
Outstanding Performance in Web.
App. Program 3
Outstanding Performance in Web
Security and Management
Practicumer of the YearPere Adrian Guzman
Administrative Assistant at Department of Justice - Office for
Alternative Dispute Resolution
Manila, National Capital Region, Philippines
Summary
To obtain a position that utilizes my skills and experience. I am keen
to work in an environment where I can enrich my knowledge and be
of further help in the development and success of a company thru
means of providing information technology solutions.
Experience
GMR Lucky Life
Social Media Manager
July 2022 - Present  (2 years 6 months)
Philippines
Department of Justice - Office for Alternative Dispute Resolution
Administrative Assistant
December 2021 - August 2022  (9 months)
Philippines
I provide highly technical assistance related to information technology and
hardware concerns. I am also tasked in promoting and advocating the use
of alternative means in resolving disputes in the Philippines. In this job, I
am responsible for the Office for Alternative Dispute Resolution reaching
thousands of Filipinos in enriching their knowledge towards the alternative
ways of resolving disputes.
Department of Justice
Technical Assistant
August 2020 - November 2021  (1 year 4 months)
Philippines
I am responsible in performing administrative staff work and I provide technical
assistance related to information technology and hardware concerns.
CyberOne Limited
Information Technology Technical Support
July 2018 - April 2020  (1 year 10 months)
  Page 1 of 2
   
Philippines
In this job, I utilize Linux and I monitor CCTV operations. I also troubleshoot
computer hardware/ software issues thru the use of cloning operation systems.
Cash&Carry
Information Technology Associate
September 2017 - November 2017  (3 months)
Philippines
I troubleshoot machines such as P.O.S. machine, thermal printer,
workstations, and more. I also do withdrawals product in order to monitor the
products that will be displayed in the shelves. I encode new products in our
IT system and I also update the product prices if there is a sale, promo, etc. I
backup files to the server to save the files that has been sold.
MDS Call Solutions, Inc.
Customer Service Representative
May 2016 - January 2017  (9 months)
Philippines
Education
AMA University
Bachelor of Science - BS, Information Technology  · (May 2014 - May 2017)
ACLC College
Information Technology  · (June 2012 - May 2014)
  Page 2 of 2