   
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/carmela-
padasas-53a176280  (LinkedIn)
www.sociablestack.com/  (Portfolio)
Top Skills
Social Media Content Creation
Memes
Software as a Service (SaaS)
Publications
SaaS Marketing Strategies To
Combat SaaS Marketing ChallengesCarmela Padasas
SaaS Affiliate + UGC Marketer | Founder Wedd App Ph
Muntinlupa City, National Capital Region, Philippines
Summary
Carmela here ‍ and welcome to my SaaSy profile!
A SaaS Social Media Marketer specializes in Affiliates and UGC
marketing to upscale visibility and increase growth and number of
users across different social media platforms.
I've started to pivot my affiliate and UGC marketing and organic
content creation services from retail e-commerce businesses into
SaaS Social Media marketers. Leveraging the power of affiliates
and UGC (User-Generated Content) content creators to drive
exponential growth, amplify brand visibility, and expand user bases
and community for SaaS across the MarTech products.
As a MarTech enthusiast, I thrive on creating innovative, agile, and
effective strategies that empower solutions to make a meaningful
impact and deliver a persuasive message on social media platforms.
My expertise lies in curating successful affiliate partnerships,
nurturing UGC collaborations, and encouraging the generation of
authentic user content that resonates with target audiences and
users.
By harnessing the potential of the social media content creation
industry, I have consistently helped organizations, SaaS, and non-
SaaS businesses upscale their reach, engage target audiences, and
generate higher conversions. My data-driven approach allows me to
stay on top of the latest trends and insights.
Whether you're looking to boost brand awareness, enhance
community engagement, or accelerate customer acquisition, I'm here
to help you take your social media presence to upscale. 
Let's connect and discuss how we can drive remarkable growth
together!
  Page 1 of 4
   
Carmela Padasas
SaaS Social Media Marketer (Affiliates + UGC)
www.sociablestack.com
Experience
Sociable Stack
SaaS Social Media Marketer
November 2022 - Present  (2 years 4 months)
Metro Manila, National Capital Region, Philippines
I aim to gain relevant traction for SaaS startups in the Seed, Series A, and
Series B phases in MarTech. Building a relevant user list for startups is vital
to dominate your target niches. If you don't get a small portion of it to be your
loyal users, how can you acquire the rest of your target users?
I used different MarTech tools as a social media manager for more than 3
years. I experienced constant signups to tools seeking the perfect product
and learned how I can help those MarTech startup founders. I offer gaining
more reach and engagements for you to convert through social media with my
creative ideas and valuable insights from reliable data and users' behavior and
insights in form of branded memes, affiliate marketing and UGC marketing.
Three things I focus in my content:
1. SEO-based content on different social media platforms
2. Targeting user experience
3. Targeting user perspective
Just DM me for more details and meme ideas‍
Wedd 
Founder
March 2024 - Present  (1 year)
Philippines
Wedd is a wedding event planning webapp with convenience to access
credible and diverse wedding suppliers based in the Philippines and innovative
features. Wedd is designed to streamline your planning journey and ensure
every detail is communicated for the success of your dream wedding day. 
  Page 2 of 4
   
On your dream wedding day, we hope that newlywed couples and their guests
share emotionally charged conversations, delightful experiences, and intimate
memories.
A Wedd day that you can treasure 
Influenceforsale.com
Influencer Marketplace Marketer
October 2022 - October 2022  (1 month)
United States
Invites content creators to the platform through cold emails.
Tint Bolt
SaaS Social Media Marketer
August 2022 - October 2022  (3 months)
Canada
Instagram Content Creation and SaaS Product Marketing
• Content creation
• Engagements
• Cold emails
Javy Coffee
Affiliate + UGC Specialist
February 2022 - April 2022  (3 months)
United States
Ecom Affiliate Marketing and UGC Marketing
• Research and invite UGC content creators and affiliates to be part of the
campaign
• Monitor their content and earnings 
• Build a genuine relationship with them to help with brand management
Caesar Resort
Instagram Manager
February 2021 - October 2021  (9 months)
North Cyprus
Focus on Instagram engagements to grow their account from 2k-5k in 3
months.
Chazi Homes
Social Media Marketing Manager
January 2021 - October 2021  (10 months)
  Page 3 of 4
   
Ontario, Canada
From organic content creation, I helped my client sold 2 house and lot in a
month.
Education
Adamson University
Bachelor of Science - BS, BA major in Financial Management  · (June
2013 - April 2017)
  Page 4 of 4