   
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/jason-llanes
(LinkedIn)
www.facebook.com/jsnllanes19/
(Personal)
Top Skills
Technical Support
Data Entry
GitJason Llanes
Flutter Developer | Mobile Application Developer | Web Developer |
Quality Assurance
Cagayan De Oro City, Northern Mindanao, Philippines
Summary
As a Mobile Application Developer, I create and maintain Android
applications for various clients. I have a bachelor's degree in
information technology from STI College, where I learned the
fundamentals of programming, web development, and database
management. I have more than two years of work experience in
the field of mobile application development, using Java and other
technologies to build user-friendly and functional apps. I also have
teaching experience, as I was a course instructor at MyCode,
where I taught children how to create simple games using Scratch.
I enjoy applying my skills and knowledge to solve problems, create
value, and empower users. I am passionate about learning new
technologies, sharing my expertise, and collaborating with others. I
am always looking for opportunities to improve my skills, expand my
network, and contribute to the growth and innovation of the industry.
Experience
Department of Information and Communications Technology -
Philippines
Information System Analyst II
September 2024 - Present  (4 months)
Misamis Oriental Provincial Office, T. Chavez Street, Cagayan de Oro City
CyTech International
1 year 1 month
Web Developer
March 2024 - Present  (10 months)
Cagayan De Oro City, Northern Mindanao, Philippines
Quality Assurance Specialist
December 2023 - Present  (1 year 1 month)
Philippines
  Page 1 of 2
   
CLENRO
Mobile Application Developer
July 2021 - Present  (3 years 6 months)
Cagayan De Oro City, Northern Mindanao, Philippines
MyCode
Course Instructor
July 2021 - January 2022  (7 months)
I teach children's and kids, a simple game development using Scratch.
Innovuze Solutions, Inc.
Creatives
January 2019 - March 2019  (3 months)
Cagayan De Oro City, Northern Mindanao, Philippines
Education
STI College
Bachelor of Science - BS, Information Technology  · (June 2024)
STI College
High School Diploma, ICT  · (2018 - 2020)
STI College
Bachelor of Science - BS, Information Technology  · (August 2018)
  Page 2 of 2