   
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/ken-bryan-
narvasa-6b9532280  (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Maintenance and Repair
Advertising
Technical SupportKen Bryan Narvasa
SW Support Specialist I
Consolación, Central Visayas, Philippines
Summary
Innovative IT specialist with experience selecting and configuring
various technical equipment. Clear communicator and collaborative
team player with an eye for detail and skill in customer relations
and to work in a challenging environment that provides ample
opportunities for learning in the field of Hardware, Software &
Networking.
Experience
NCR Voyix
Software Support Specialist I
April 2024 - Present  (9 months)
Cebu, Central Visayas, Philippines
Diagnose and troubleshoot hardware and software issues related to POS
systems. 
Provide support for pinpad devices, including configuration, troubleshooting,
and repair.
Develop and execute strategies for implementing connected payment solutions
that enhance customer experience and operational efficiency.
Install, configure, and maintain POS terminals and card readers, software and
peripherals.
Collaborate with internal teams and third-party vendors for device updates,
replacements, and troubleshooting.
Native Camp
IT Support Specialist
July 2016 - November 2023  (7 years 5 months)
Philippines
Created help desk tickets, troubleshoot, and resolved desktop issues.
Provided Tier 1 IT support to non-technical internal users through desk-
side support services. Updated software to safeguard against security flaws.
Monitored systems in operation and quickly troubleshot errors. Determined
hardware and network system issues using proactive troubleshooting
techniques.
  Page 1 of 2
   
Fast Net Development Corporation
Technical Support Specialist
November 2015 - March 2016  (5 months)
Cebu, Central Visayas, Philippines
Install and maintain network hardware and software.
Evaluate and modify system's performance.
Install and support LANs, WANs, network segments, Internet connectivity.
Provide assistance to end user via remote desktop, related with desktop
issues.
Consults with users to determine steps and procedures taken to identify and
resolve the problem.
Applies knowledge of computer software, hardware, and procedures to solve
problems.
Guides users through diagnostic and troubleshooting processes, which may
include use of diagnostic tools and software and/or following verbal 
instructions.
Arranges service by software or hardware vendors to repair or replace
defective products.
Maintains knowledge of technology innovations and trends.
Performs other related duties as assigned.
Education
ACLC College
Associate Degree in Computer Networking, Computer Systems Networking
and Technology  · (June 2014 - April 2016)
  Page 2 of 2