   
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/riritheartist
(LinkedIn)
riritheartist.webflow.io  (Portfolio)
Top Skills
Figma (Software)
User Experience Design (UED)
User Interface Design
Languages
English  (Full Professional)
Bisaya  (Native or Bilingual)
Filipino  (Native or Bilingual)
Certifications
Human-Centered Design: an
Introduction
Test of English for International
Communication (TOEIC)
Graphic Design Essentials
CSS
Google Developer Student Clubs
Lead (2022-2023)
Honors-Awards
Provincial Level 2nd Placer - DTI E-
Comics Competition 2020
Regional Level 2nd Runner-up - DTI
E-Comics Competition 2020
Second Honors
Top 10 Finalist - CHED RO-XI
ASEAN-inspired Digital Painting
Contest 2021
2nd Runner-up - IT Quiz Bowl for
MCITS’ IT Olympiad 2023Ria Cordero
UI/UX Designer at Xugar | Co-Founder of DICE | I talk about #UIUX
#Design #WomenInTech #CommunityBuilding | Empowering the
next tech youth
Metro Davao
Summary
Tech, design, and community? Say less—I’m already there. I'm
a firm believer that when the youth lead, the future follows. So, I
advocate for it!
As a UI/UX Designer, I turn Figma frames into experiences for clients
who love a sleek digital presence. I've worked with clients locally and
across the globe: APAC, US, and Canada to be exact!
I'm 1/7 co-founders of DICE. We believe that networking should
start way before the 9-to-5 grind. So, our goal is to build the ultimate
student tech hub in Davao City. 
#  I talk about UI/UX, brand psychology, career growth—if it helps
young creatives and developers thrive, I’m talking about it.
I'm a community Builder, from DEVCON Davao to Google Developer
Groups Davao. I help students and pros make waves in tech, one
collab at a time.
Got UI/UX thoughts or big community ideas? Let’s chat! #
Experience
Xugar
UI/UX Designer
May 2023 - Present  (1 year 10 months)
Melbourne, Victoria, Australia
I specialize in Conversion-Centered Design (CCD) to craft websites using
Figma that drive engagement and conversions for clients across various
industries. I also work closely with project managers to understand client goals
and translate them into high-impact design solutions.
  Page 1 of 4
   
Brickroad Studios
Junior UI/UX Designer
November 2024 - Present  (4 months)
Davao, Davao Region, Philippines
DICE - Davao Interschool Computer Enthusiasts
1 year 8 months
Creatives Lead
September 2023 - Present  (1 year 6 months)
Davao, Davao Region, Philippines
As the Creatives Lead, I collaborate closely with a team of talented design
volunteers to create engaging social media and marketing materials for DICE.
My role involves overseeing the creative process, from brainstorming and
conceptualization to execution, ensuring all outputs align with our brand's
vision and objectives.
Co-Founder
July 2023 - Present  (1 year 8 months)
Davao, Davao Region, Philippines
I am one of the seven founders of Davao’s pioneering student-led tech
community, dedicated to fostering creation, innovation, and collaboration
among intercollegiate tech organizations. 
Our mission is to provide a platform where students from different universities
can come together, share knowledge, and work on impactful projects that
advance technology and innovation in the region.
DEVCON Davao
3 years 9 months
Core Volunteer
June 2021 - Present  (3 years 9 months)
Davao, Davao Region, Philippines
Creatives Head
June 2023 - July 2024  (1 year 2 months)
Davao, Davao Region, Philippines
I manage the creatives team for the organization's events exclusively for the
Mindanao Summit 2024. 
In this role, I oversee the development and execution of creative strategies and
visual assets that bring our events to life, from concept to delivery. I coordinate
  Page 2 of 4
   
with team members to ensure that all design elements are impactful, cohesive,
and align with our event objectives.
VP for Communications
March 2022 - February 2023  (1 year)
Davao, Davao Region, Philippines
Freelance
Freelance UI/UX Designer
May 2021 - Present  (3 years 10 months)
I provide UI/UX design services for web and mobile platforms using Figma,
primarily catering to digital marketing agencies based in Australia and the
United States. I bring over three years of experience utilizing Figma for a
wide range of design projects. My work involves creating conversion-centered
and user-focused high-fidelity designs that help clients elevate their digital
presence and achieve their business goals.
WillowCress™ Consulting 
Web Designer
June 2024 - August 2024  (3 months)
Milwaukee, Wisconsin, United States
I collaborated closely with the COO to create website designs from scratch or
enhance existing ones for a diverse range of clients. Our clients are mostly
based in the United States.
Protellus 
Social Media Specialist
October 2023 - February 2024  (5 months)
Toronto, Ontario, Canada
I plan, design, and create engaging social media content for clients across
various industries using tools like Canva, Postly, Google Workspace, and
ChatGPT. My process involves understanding each client's unique brand
voice and target audience to develop tailored content strategies that drive
engagement and visibility.
Google
Google Developer Student Clubs Lead
August 2022 - July 2023  (1 year)
I am one of the 239 Google Developer Student Club (GDSC) Leads in
Southeast Asia, part of a global network of 1,000+ chapters.
  Page 3 of 4
   
I founded GDSC Mapúa-MCM and served as CEO, empowering students to
build connections, enhance tech skills, and develop leadership abilities. I have
led seminar-workshops on UI/UX design, web/mobile application design with
Figma, brand identity creation, and digital marketing fundamentals.
Mapúa Malayan Colleges Mindanao
Student Assistant
August 2022 - October 2022  (3 months)
Davao, Davao Region, Philippines
I worked as a part-time student assistant for the Office of Corporate
Partnerships, handling tasks such as data entry, database management, task
automation and email communications. At the same time, I also volunteered as
one of the UI/UX designers for OCP's website.
Mapúa Malayan Colleges Mindanao
Multimedia Intern
February 2020 - March 2020  (2 months)
Davao, Davao Region, Philippines
I interned at the school's Corporate Communications Office (now the Marketing
& Communications Office) as part of my SHS Work Immersion. During my
internship, I created a storyboard and handled the final editing and rendering
for an animation project about the school's CLAYGO (Clean as You Go) policy.
Education
Mapúa Malayan Colleges Mindanao
Bachelor of Science - BS, Computer Science  · (July 2020 - August 2024)
Malayan Colleges Mindanao, A Mapúa School
Senior High School, Information and Communications Technology in
Animation  · (July 2018 - June 2020)
Saint Peter's College of Toril
Junior High School   · (2014 - 2018)
  Page 4 of 4