   
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/
maabbygalepanugao  (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
U.S. Office of Foreign Assets Control
(OFAC)
sanctions
ComplianceMa. Abbygale Panugao
Transaction Monitoring - Alert Investigator | Risk Investigator | Risk
Analyst | Fraud Specialist | Customer Service Representative
Quezon City, National Capital Region, Philippines
Summary
Recognized by Capital One for showing excellent service to the
customer to prevent fraud.
Experience
ING Hubs Philippines
Alert Investigator
September 2023 - Present  (1 year 4 months)
National Capital Region, Philippines
- Responsible for performing complex Transaction Monitoring TM
investigations covering money laundering, terrorist financing and tax evasion.
- Perform risk-based investigations on complex TM alerts and cases,
identifying activity that could be indicative of money laundering, terrorist
financing and tax evasion. Ff ING’s Global Standard TM Inv.
- Analyze customer and transaction information to assess whether alerted
activity is or is not normal in the context of what is known about the customer
and who they are transacting with, conducting additional background research
as appropriate.
- Within the ING procedural framework, use your own judgement based on
your knowledge and experience to make risk based decisions as to what is
or is not normal and therefore whether to refer the alert or case for further
investigation and reporting to authorities.
- Document your investigations thoroughly and according to ING standards,
by recording the details of the alert, the data you have considered, the basis
of your conclusion and any evidence you have gathered that supports your
conclusion.
- Maintain your primary focus on the quality and effectiveness of investigation,
whilst also ensuring that your work is completed in a timely fashion.
Develop strong knowledge of how to identify, analyze and understand money
laundering, terrorist financing and tax evasion “red flags” and typologies.
- Develop a good understanding of regulations and industry leading practices
in conducting TM investigations.
  Page 1 of 4
   
- Consult and collaborate with colleagues to develop your own investigations
and to help others with theirs, adopting and sharing best practice, techniques
and knowledge over time, with a focus on driving continuous improvement in
both your own investigations and that of the broader team.
- Strive to learn and help your colleagues to learn continuously, taking and
giving feedback constructively, participating actively in team continuous
learning and development initiatives and training.
Remitly
Risk Investigator
October 2022 - August 2023  (11 months)
National Capital Region, Philippines
- Review transactions and all available information to understand our
customers while respecting all identities. 
- Make customer-centric decisions and take the path of least friction to protect
our customers. 
- Observe customer transactions to identify fraudulent activities such as
account take over, friendly fraud, theft and other similar risks. 
- Exhibit bias for action on observed patterns and trends, and be an owner
by providing timely and accurate resolution based on customer and market
needs. 
- Aim for the stars during goal setting and keep continuous improvement top of
mind whether it be for personal development or process enhancement. 
- Identify suspicious activities and unusual patterns that could result in fraud
including but not limited to AML issues and activities reported by other staff 
members. 
- Contact customers and banking institutions to verify legitimate transactions
and payment information. 
- Communicate effectively, showing respect, genuine empathy, and care 
- Properly document all interactions and findings via the organization’s tools
and platforms. 
- Be data driven when presenting feedback and recommendations. 
- Take inbound and outbound calls to request additional documents for KYC,
compliance, and/or to mitigate risk behavior. 
- Serve as backup support for the Customer Service team when needed. 
- Answer transferred calls from the Customer Service team regarding
transactions currently on review or those that resulted in customer
dissatisfaction due to the review process. 
- Provide critical support as needed to handle escalations and process Risk
Reviews. 
  Page 2 of 4
   
- Partner and collaborate effectively with the rest of the Customer Success and
Risk Operation Teams. 
- Contribute and participate in continuous improvement projects aimed at
improving operational processes.
Global Payments Inc.
Risk Analyst
May 2022 - September 2022  (5 months)
Philippines
- Investigates potential credit card fraud cases based on information received
from the fraud detection system. 
- Analyzes several aspects of account history, to include payment and
transaction history. 
- Contacts customers and merchants to obtain additional information regarding
fraudulent charges. 
- Maintains accurate and complete documentation of all information necessary
for the investigation.
Capital One
4 years 5 months
Fraud Specialist
January 2019 - May 2022  (3 years 5 months)
Philippines
- Analyzed large amounts of data to find patterns of fraud and anomalies. 
- Contacted customers directly to notify at fraudulent activity and minimize
impacts. 
- Reviewed reports and individual transaction which appeared suspicious to
uncover possible fraudulent activity. 
- Increased customer satisfaction by resolving product or 
service issues.
Customer Service Representative
January 2018 - January 2019  (1 year 1 month)
Philippines
  Page 3 of 4
   
- Educated customers about billing, payment processing, support policies and
procedures. 
- Managed timely and effective replacement of damaged or missing products. 
- Provided excellent customer care by responding to 
requests, assisting with product selection and handling 
ordering functions.
Alight Solutions
Customer Service Representative
September 2017 - January 2018  (5 months)
Philippines
- Described and explained details about product options to inform customers
and guide purchasing decision. 
- Quickly and accurately answered customer questions, 
suggested effective solutions and resolved issues to 
increase customer satisfaction. 
- Met all customers call guidelines including service levels, handle time and
productivity.
Education
ACLC College
Bachelor's degree, Information Technology  · (June 2013 - October 2016)
  Page 4 of 4