   
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/paulef
(LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Corporate Recruiting
Resume Writing
Resume Review
Certifications
Building a HIPAA Compliance
Program
Technical Recruiting
Tech Recruiting Foundations: 2
Understanding Hardware and
Operating Systems
Virtual Recruiting
Align Recruiting with Job
RequirementsPaul F.
Recruiter @ ATHENA HR Talent | Upwork Top Rated Plus Recruiter
| Talent Acquisition
United States
Summary
Proficient in strategic candidate sourcing, conducting interviews, and
managing hiring processes while consistently following industry best
practices.
● Efficiently deliver well-qualified candidates to fill your vacant
positions with a strong focus on customer satisfaction.
● Assist candidates in securing employment for temporary, contract-
to-hire, and permanent positions.
● Provide end-to-end hiring management services that span the
entirety of the recruitment process.
▪ Source and recruit candidates by using databases, social media,
job boards, resume searches, etc.
▪ Evaluating candidate skillsets in alignment with client
requirements, conducting thorough phone screenings and interviews,
conducting reference verifications, composing various forms of
correspondence, and much more.
Experience
ATHENA Consulting
Recruiter
April 2024 - Present  (9 months)
• Collaborated with Account Managers to achieve team goals by sourcing,
screening, and qualifying candidates.
• Developed effective sourcing strategies to prioritize customer expectations
and build talent pipelines.
• Implemented creative techniques like sourcing campaigns and social
networking to generate referrals and attract top talent.
Upwork
Professional Recruiter
January 2022 - Present  (3 years)
• Conducted resume screening to match qualifications with job needs and
assess candidate fit.
  Page 1 of 3
   
• Led phone screening interviews to evaluate candidate interest, qualifications,
and cultural alignment.
• Collaborated with managers to define candidate profiles, create reports, and
offer recommendations for progression.
Herewith
Hiring Manager
February 2023 - August 2023  (7 months)
San Francisco Bay Area
As a Hiring Manager at Herewith, I successfully managed candidate
acquisition, conducted assessments, and fostered positive relationships with
caregivers.
• Utilized various platforms and databases for candidate acquisition.
• Conducted assessments to evaluate caregiver skills and soft skills.
• Fostered positive relationships with caregivers and assisted in app utilization.
Abbella Medical Staffing
Staffing Manager | Senior Recruiter
January 2021 - January 2023  (2 years 1 month)
Owings Mills, Maryland, United States
• Managed client-provider liaisons, coordinated schedules, and ensured
effective communication for exceptional care.
• Supervised healthcare professionals, resolved conflicts, and maintained
compliance for operational excellence.
• Conducted interviews, onboarded healthcare professionals, and utilized
various platforms for applicant sourcing.
Everise
Customer Service Representative
April 2020 - December 2020  (9 months)
• Managed high-volume customer communication via calls, chats, and emails
to promptly resolve inquiries.
• Introduced new products/services to enhance customer satisfaction and drive
sales conversion.
• Resolved customer issues meeting company performance metrics and
identified process enhancements for better service.
Natural Therapy Pages
Sales Representative
August 2016 - October 2019  (3 years 3 months)
  Page 2 of 3
   
• Spearheaded the launch of Natural Therapy Pages in Manila, showcasing
over 15,000 practitioners and their health services.
• Conducted cold and warm calling to drive new business, emphasizing
professionalism and integrity in all communications.
• Maintained a database of prospects, moving them through the sales cycle
with a friendly and professional approach.
WNS Global Services
Senior Sales Associates
June 2011 - May 2016  (5 years)
• Managed high volume of inbound calls from U.S Clients for car rental
facilities and multinational Hotels & Resorts.
• Resolved complex issues, built customer loyalty, and exceeded call center
volume and sales goals by up to 135%.
• Completed customer service training modules, conflict management, and
operational management for senior associates.
PacificHub Corporation
Senior Sales Associates
October 2006 - June 2011  (4 years 9 months)
• Successfully sold online listing and SEO services to B2B clients, exceeding
sales targets consistently.
• Managed client relationships and provided customized online listing & SEO
strategies to meet clients' needs.
• Maintained accurate CRM records and provided regular sales reports to
management.
Education
ACLC College
Computer System Design and Programming, Computer and Information
Sciences and Support Services
  Page 3 of 3