   
Contact
sperodrmitch@gmail.com
www.linkedin.com/in/mitch-spero-
psy-d-942897ab  (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Advertising
Depression Treatment
Child Therapy
Languages
English
Certifications
Court Appointed Family Mediator:
Supreme Court of Florida
Honors-Awards
Distinguished Service Award
Distinguised Psychologist Award
Dr. Michael B. Spellman Award
BCPA Lifetime Achievement Award
Recognition and Appreciation AwardMitch Spero, Psy.D.
Licensed Psychologist and Director of Child & Family Psychologists
Fort Lauderdale, Florida, United States
Summary
Director & Licensed Psychologist with an extensive history of
working in the Psychotherapy care industry. Skilled in providing
assessments for children and adults, in both individual and group
sessions as well as working with medical and psychological
professionals, and conducting psychology for families to improve
their child's life quality and overall wellness. Strong Working with
Adolescents services. Graduated from Nova School of Psychology/
Clinical Psychology. Author of the Books and Games: “Florida the
Turtle Who Thinks He’s a Dog Finds His Feelings” and “A-D/HD
Guide For Drifters in a Squirrel Moment Testing, Diagnosis, and
Treatment of ADHD”. To order please contact Educa Vision Inc.
www.educavision.com
Experience
Child & Family Psychologists
Director / Licensed Psychologist
1983 - Present  (42 years)
12651 West Sunrise Blvd, Suite 101, Sunrise, Fl. 33323
Therapy/Evaluations Children, Adolescents and Adults; Private Practice
and Court Ordered Divorce and Custody Family Mediation; Out-patient and
In-patient Individual, Marriage and Family Therapy, Director of Psychology
Group Private Practice Specializing in the Treatment of Emotional and
Behavioral Disorders of Children and Adolescents, Individual, Marriage and
Family Therapy, Psychotherapy with Emotionally Handicapped and Learning
Disabled Children; Divorce and Custody Evaluations and Therapy; Stepfamily
Adjustment; Childhood Emotional, Sexual and Physical Abuse Therapy;
Court Appointed Expert Witness; Psychological, Intellectual and Vocational
Evaluations; Divorce Support Group, Stepfamily Adjustment Group, Retirement
Support Group; A.C.L.F. On-Site Geriatric Support Groups, Coordinator of
Nursing Home Therapy Contract, Clinical Hypnosis for the Control of Pain
and Habitual Behaviors (Smoking and Weight Control); Relaxation Therapy;
Biofeedback; Anxiety and Panic Disorder Stress Reduction; Substance Abuse
  Page 1 of 5
   
Counseling; Disability Determination Evaluations, H.R.S. Liaison; Public
Speaking at Local Schools, Organizations, Psychiatric Hospitals, Local T.V.
News and Radio Shows; Director of Staffings, Case Peer Review and In-
Service Presentations; Quality Assurance and Utilization Review Coordinator
of Group Practice; 1994-1995 President Stepfamily Association of America,
Inc. Broward County Chapter, Clinical Supervisor and Mentor to many
professionals, Media and Literary Consultant.
The Center for Cognitive - Behavior Therapy, Inc. (CCBT)
Vice President: Executive Board of Directors
1994 - 1996  (2 years)
Plantation, FL
State-wide Multidiciplinary Integrated Mental Health Delivery Network of
Psychiatrists, Licensed Psychologists and Licensed Masters Level Therapists:
A Core Provider Group for U.S. Behavioral Health with other contracts in
process; Nationwide presentations on Brief-Psychotherapy, Niche Marketing
and Group Practice Development.
Crossroads School; Clinical Consultants
Supervising Psychologist of Clinical Services
1993 - 1996  (3 years)
Clinical Supervisor of Doctoral and Masters Level Mental Health Professionals.
Therapy and Psychological Evaluations of Children and Adolescents at a
Private School, Partial Hospitalization Program, and Residential Treatment
Program; Parents Support Group Facilitator; Consultant to Staff; Major
population:  Attention-deficit Hyperactivity Disorder Children and Adolescents.
The Center for Psychological Services
Associate
1983 - 1989  (6 years)
Lauderhill, FL
Clinical Supervisor of two Affiliates.  Specialty:  Emotional and Behavioral
Disorders of Children and Adolescents, Divorce and Custody Issues;
Group Therapy; Burnout Prevention Seminars; Child, Adolescent and
Adult Psychological Evaluations; Childhood Emotional, Physical and
Sexual Abuse Therapy; Substance Abuse Counseling; Stress Reduction;
Relaxation Therapy; Biofeedback; Hypnosis for Control of Pain or Habits,
(Smoking & Weight Control; Control of Anxiety and Panic Disorder); In-patient
Psychotherapy and Psychological Evaluations; Liaison to H.R.S., Police
  Page 2 of 5
   
Departments, and U.S. Probation Office; Psycho-Educational Consultations at
Local Schools, K-12; Marketing Committee Member.
Best Care, Inc.
Advisory Board Member
1987 - 1988  (1 year)
Sunrise, FL (State Licensed Facility)
Board Member, Consultant to Staff and Parents in the Care of Children From
Three Months to Ten Years Old.
Nova Southeastern University
Psychology Instructor
1987 - 1987  (less than a year)
Counseling Psychology:  Introduced the major approaches to Counseling:
Psychoanalysis, Existentialism, Person-Centered, Gestalt, Transactional
Analysis, Behavior Therapy, Rational-Emotive Therapy, Cognitive-Behavioral
Therapy, as well as the Prevention of Teacher Burnout.
South Florida Psychiatric Group
Consultant / Independent Contractor
1983 - 1985  (2 years)
Individual and Group Therapy with the Mentally Retarded Adult Population.
Provided In-Service Presentations to Special Education Teachers and Other
Staff.  Organized and Facilitated Support Group for Parents and Guardians
of Clients at A.D.E. with Emphasis on Coping With a Developmentally
Handicapped Adult. Group Owned by David Pinosky, M.D.; Group Supervisor,
Gary Fishman, M.D.
Adolescent Support Group/Mental Health Association of Broward
Country
Volunteer Position / Group Co-Facilitator
1984 - 1984  (less than a year)
Organized and Co-Facilitated Support Group for Adolescents.
High School Adult Education Program
Psychology Instructor
1983 - 1984  (1 year)
Psychology of Everyday Living and Psychology of Emotions, Evening Courses
for Growth Oriented Adults.
  Page 3 of 5
   
Counseling Center (Four Member Group Practice)
Partner
1982 - 1982  (less than a year)
Individual Therapy; Financial Planning; Interviewed Prospective Partners;
Brochure Design and Publications Photographer.  Supervision provided by I.
Bruce Frumkin, Ph.D., A.B.P.P. / Licensed Psychologist.
The Center for Counseling and Education
Youth Intervention Coordinator
1981 - 1982  (1 year)
Miami, FL
Coordinated the Youth Intervention Grant; Composed Quarterly Reports;
Secured Funding; Quality Assurance Committee Member; Supervised
Graduate Students; Implemented Treatment for Youths and Families; Probated
and Voluntary Individuals, Couples, Family and Group Counseling; Alcohol
and Drug Abuse Counseling.
Highland Park Hospital
2 years
Psychometrist
1981 - 1982  (1 year)
Personality, Neuropsychological, (Halstead-Reitan Battery), Vocational and
Intellectual Evaluations, Responsible for Administrative Duties.   Supervisor:
John Bennett, Ph.D.
Mental Health Counselor
1980 - 1981  (1 year)
Individual, Group and Family Psychotherapy; Adult and Adolescent In-
patient Psychiatric Units, Coordinator of I.C.U. Scheduling for Mental Health
Counselors, Supervisor/Associate Medical Director: George Diaz, M.D.
Fort Lauderdale College
Psychology Teacher
1981 - 1981  (less than a year)
General Psychology:  Theoretical and Practical Issues; Introductory
Psychology Course to B.S. Business Undergraduate Students.
County Halfway House for Boys
Assistant Counselor / Volunteer
1979 - 1979  (less than a year)
  Page 4 of 5
   
Individual and Group Therapy with Adjudicated Juvenile Delinquents.
Samuel Santoro, Jr., Ph.D. Psychologist in Private Practice
Independent Study of Psychology
1978 - 1979  (1 year)
Advanced Counseling Techniques; Studied Clinical Hypnosis and Individual
Psychotherapy.
Horizon Homes Inc.
Community Living Specialist
1978 - 1978  (less than a year)
Pittsburgh, PA
Mentally Retarded Adult Population, Residential/Short-Term Intervention.
University of Pittsburgh
Test Administrator / Computer Researcher-Learning Disabilities Study
by Norman Harway, Ph.D.
1977 - 1978  (1 year)
Test Administration with Elementary School Children; Computer Research;
Collecting and Coding of Data.
Education
Nova Southeastern University
Psy.D. Psychology Doctorate, Clinical Psychology, Clinical
Psychology  · (1983 - 1987)
University of Miami
Master's Degree, M.S.Ed. Masters of Science in Education, Community
Counseling Psychology  · (1979 - 1981)
University of Pittsburgh
Bachelor's Degree, Psychology  · (1975 - 1979)
  Page 5 of 5