   
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/
mfarooqulhassan  (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Patient Relations
Athena
NextGen
Languages
English  (Professional Working)
Urdu  (Full Professional)
Certifications
Computer Application and Database
Managment
Certificate of Achievement
Typing certificate
Typing certificateM.F Hassan
[RCM Alchemist] [Medical Billing Auditor & Consultant] [AR
Specialist] [Helped US Doctors to Secure Maximum Payments From
Insurances through Clean Claims, Proper Medical Documentation,
Appeals and Reconsideration]
United States
Summary
Experienced medical biller with a proven track record in billing and
insurance claims. Proven ability to manage and process claims,
identify discrepancies, and follow up on payments. Strong knowledge
of medical terminology and coding.
Experience
Marklab Inc 
RCM Manager
February 2024 - Present  (1 year 1 month)
Self-employed
Lawyer
September 2014 - Present  (10 years 6 months)
Conversation with the client to get the actual facts. Prepare all documents
required to file cases, including briefs and other court documents. prepare
a complete brief on each case going to court. Researched legal concepts,
jurisprudence, legal opinions, laws and regulations. represented clients in court
based on appropriate legal citation and statutory interpretation and won cases.
Maintained accurate case files, notes and reports. Wrote legal documents
such as contracts, lawsuits, deeds, wills and appeals.
Collaborate Solutions
2 years 2 months
ACTING MEDICAL BILLING MANAGER
July 2023 - November 2023  (5 months)
Billing Supervisor
April 2022 - June 2023  (1 year 3 months)
Responsible for the timely submission of claims.
  Page 1 of 3
   
Monitoring and follow-up of claims not paid.
Accurate posting and reconcile patient and insurance payments, and
adjustments.
Responsible for overseeing daily collection and the accuracy of daily deposit.
Develop, maintain and monitor all billing procedures.
Monitor write-offs with the objective of minimizing these losses.
Prepare monthly billing reports for Practice Administrator.
Train and instruct department in job duties and/or company policies.
Billing Team Lead
October 2021 - March 2022  (6 months)
Responsibilities: Train, assign work and motivate staff for maximum
performance and high productivity. Supervise insurance verification, claim
submission, payment posting, reimbursement management, accounts
receivable follow-up, Denial Management, Patient Statement Verification,
filing of appeals or adjustments, resolution of problematic claims through client
communication including but not limited to Conduct an audit to resolve and
correct billing errors to enhance monthly collections.
PRG Lahore
Practice Lead
September 2018 - September 2021  (3 years 1 month)
Responsibilities: Carry out the overall task required to maintain an effective
medical billing practice, including but not limited to verifying eligibility,
creating and submitting claims. Posted patient and insurance payments, filed
secondary claims to insurances, verified unpaid patient payments, issued
patient payments, coordinated with third party/ collection agency and collected
maximum patient payments in timely manner. Fixed rejected claims, updated
SOPs and billing guidelines, filed appeals, shared Medical Records to with
insurance, handled client quires, shared and got resolutions of problematic
claims from client side, verified Patient account and fixed posting errors.
Trained team members over insurance billing and coding guidelines to achieve
clean submission goal by getting payments in first attempt. Perform multiple
tasks to obtain maximum collection each month.
  Page 2 of 3
   
Education
University Law College
Bachelor of Laws - LLB, Law  · (September 2011 - June 2014)
University of Sargodha
Bachelor of Arts - BA, Journalism  · (September 2009 - June 2011)
Government College
Intermediate, Engineering Physics  · (September 2007 - July 2009)
Comprehensive High school
High School Diploma, Engineering Science  · (May 2005 - March 2007)
Civil Station School
Middle School Diploma, General science  · (May 2001 - March 2005)
  Page 3 of 3