Data Collection Coordinator

Job Description


As a Data Collection Coordinator, you will be at the heart of a dynamic sales support team, ensuring campaigns run seamlessly. By collecting data for performance proof and detailed recaps, you’ll streamline processes, save time for sales teams, and boost renewals and revenue—all while driving success across diverse markets and products.


Job Overview


Employment Type: Full-Time
Shift: Night Shift (Shifting)
Work Setup: Temporary WFH, Makati City
Perks: Day 1 HMO, Above-market salary, Global exposure


A Symphony of Opportunities Awaits


Day 1 HMO coverage with free dependent
Competitive Salary Package
Temporary WFH arrangement
Prime office location in Makati (Easy access to MRT stations, restaurants, and banks)
Unlimited upskilling through Emapta Academy courses (Want to know more? Visit https://bit.ly/EmaptaTrainingCalendar)
Free 24/7 access to our office gyms (Ortigas and Makati) with a free physical fitness trainer!
Exclusive Emapta Lifestyle perks (hotel and restaurant discounts, and more!)
Unlimited opportunities for employee referral incentives across the organization
Standard government and Emapta benefits
Total of 20 annual leaves to be used on your own discretion (including 5 credits convertible to cash)
Fun engagement activities for employees
Mentorship and exposure to global leaders and teams
Career growth opportunities
Diverse and supportive work environment


The Fine Print of Excellence


Possess a proactive and independent work ethic.
Demonstrate familiarity with Wrike and Veritone (preferred).
Exhibit strong written and verbal communication skills.
Proficiency in Salesforce is a plus (preferred).
Showcase exceptional organizational and prioritization abilities in a fast-paced environment.
Maintain positive energy and resilience under pressure.
Display flexibility, creativity, and openness to new ideas.
Possess outstanding interpersonal skills with the ability to collaborate effectively.
Previous experience or understanding of media sales is beneficial.


Your Script for Impact


Collaborate with sales support professionals to provide proof-of-performance materials for national and local campaigns.
Ensure advertising campaign success by maintaining accurate and up-to-date pre and post logs.
Gather and edit airchecks of live campaign creative, ensuring the accuracy of copy.
Capture and organize screenshots of live campaign materials.

