Internal Communication Specialist | Night Shift | Temp WFH

What You'll Do
Support Leadership Communication: Work closely with the CAO and leadership teams to help craft messages that engage and inform employees, aligning communication efforts with the client's priorities and values.
Assist in Developing Communication Strategies: Help create and refine communication strategies for the CAO, Accounting, and FinOps teams, supporting change management and highlighting key achievements and milestones across the company.
Collaborate on Messaging Alignment: Partner with Internal Communications colleagues to align internal messaging, ensuring a cohesive voice and strategy across all communication channels.
Edit and Enhance Written Communications: Provide executive-level copy editing to refine internal communications, ensuring clarity, accuracy, and alignment with the client's tone. Offer constructive feedback to enhance team-written content.
Coordinate and Assist with Team Events: Support the planning and production of regular Accounting and FinOps All Hands meetings, monthly newsletters, and other significant team communications.
Help Drive Team Development Initiatives: Support growth-focused initiatives, including maintaining team resources, managing training programs, and creating employee-focused communications that foster engagement and development.
Collect and Apply Feedback: Gather employee feedback and analyze communication metrics to help improve communication strategies and drive future initiatives.
Support Brand Standards: Help ensure all communications reflect the client's brand identity by working within our design framework and finding opportunities to enhance our visual and written language.
Contribute to Team Culture: Play a role in nurturing a positive and inclusive culture that supports team retention and growth by helping shape internal communications that resonate with and engage employees.


Requirements
● Experience: 4-8 years in communications or a related field.
● Education: Bachelor’s degree in Communications, Journalism, Business, or a related
discipline.
● Preferred Skills:
Technology and finance experience
Strong skills in brand management, design, and presentation formatting
Familiarity with Atlassian Confluence and Jira
Proficiency with Adobe Suite (Photoshop, Illustrator)
Experience with Absorb LMS or similar learning management systems
● Must be willing to work in a fixed night shift schedule and during PH Holidays.
● Must be amenable to work in Alabang, Muntinlupa when work in the office resumes.
