Klaviyo Email Marketing Specialist

We are looking for a Klaviyo Email Marketing Specialist to join our growth marketing team. This teammate manages drip campaigns using Braze (may also utilize previous Klaviyo experience) to implement lead-to-customer, upsell, and churn strategies while tagging and segmenting audiences for targeted marketing. Oversee the email marketing cycle, creating A/B tests and dynamic content to optimize performance and support test-and-learn initiatives.
This is a great opportunity for someone who wants to work with a growing team and wants continuous learning and growth during their career.

The Role
Build, test, QA, deploy, and monitor emails including standalone batch communications, behaviorally triggered emails, and automated lifecycle journeys
Develop the content calendar from the ground up for all email drip campaigns, using ChatGPT and other research to outline content that will resonate with the target audience
Create experiments and A/B Tests for both one-off batch emails and longer email journeys
Build segmentation and attributions within the CRM to develop email campaigns
Monitor and optimize the performance of emails based on clicks, open rates, and other basic email marketing metrics
Partner with Zoho customer service team to troubleshoot email challenges in the CRM
Configuring dynamic content
Setting up experiments and A/B tests
Basic design set up of email campaigns using templates


The Requirements
Set up and manage drip campaigns using Braze (previous experience with Klaviyo will work)
Identify and implement various types of drip campaigns, including lead-to-customer, upsell, customer education, and churn campaigns.
Tagging and segmenting audiences for targeted email marketing.
Manage the full email marketing cycle from planning to execution.
Create experiments and A/B Tests for both one-off batch emails and longer email journeys
Support test & learn efforts across the marketing team
Monitor and optimize the performance of emails
Configuring dynamic content
Setting up experiments and A/B tests


Nice to have
Experience using Braze
We are looking for someone who wants to grow as part of a team. Ideal candidates desire to learn and grow, take on more responsibilities along the way, and be resourceful enough to gather enough information to help provide accurate analysis and insights. Join our team now!
