Marketing Virtual Assistant
Are you someone who wants to empower and inspire others? Do you find yourself looking for opportunities for continuous learning and improvement? Are you driven by the satisfaction of completing tasks and achieving goals? Are you seeking a mission-driven culture that fosters your professional growth? If so, we would love to connect with you!

Who we’re looking for:
We are seeking a creative and tech-savvy Marketing Virtual Assistant/Customer Success Specialist to support Marketing and Development teams. This role is ideal for someone eager to learn, with a knack for content creation, research, and basic technical tasks. You will assist with a variety of projects, including marketing campaigns, content management, and quality control. You will also assist with customer inquiries via email and social media.
As a Marketing Virtual Assistant, you will:
Marketing and Development Support 
Assist in creating and editing content and graphics for blogs, newsletters, social media posts, and marketing materials;
Support quality control (QC) tasks for marketing and development to ensure basic accuracy and consistency; 
Schedule and post content on social media platforms and other channels;
Research on market trends, competitors, and audience preferences to support team initiatives;
Gather and organize marketing and sales data for reporting purposes, ensuring information is accurate and accessible;
Organize and maintain digital files, documents, and records;
Explore and implement emerging technologies, including AI tools, to optimize workflows.


Customer Service
Resolve customer requests via email and social media promptly and accurately, using Zendesk System, and Google/Meta services;
Assist with various administrative tasks, including Group Sales, working with affiliates, and completing projects across the organization.


You’ll thrive in this role if you are:
Creative and Tech-Savvy: Have interest or experience in design and video editing, with knowledge of tools like Canva, CRM platforms, and Google Services, and are interested in emerging tools and AI.
Detail-oriented: Excel in quality control and maintaining consistency across deliverables.
Customer Support Guru: Have experience in customer support or a similar role.
Action-Oriented: Have a strong ability to prioritize and juggle multiple priorities, proven at getting things done in a fast-paced dynamic & growing environment.
Communication champion: You can clearly explain complex information in written and verbal form to people who aren't experts.
Remote ready: You thrive in a remote environment and enjoy the flexibility and independence it offers.


Additional Information:
We are looking to hire someone willing to work 40 hours per week and is open to work evenings (US morning time).
It is a fully remote contract position, with Independent Contractors responsible for their taxes and benefits. 
Each applicant is required to complete a paid Trial Period before transitioning to this role. 
t