Paid Media Specialist

Job Description


As a Paid Media Specialist, you’ll execute top-notch paid media initiatives across platforms like Appnexus and TradeDesk. You’ll optimize campaigns for maximum ROAS and LTV, all while ensuring brand compliance. Dive into process-building and collaborate with product teams to enhance platform performance.


Job Overview


Employment Type: Full-Time
Shift: Night Shift (Shifting)
Work Setup: Temporary WFH
Perks: Day 1 HMO, Above-market salary, Global exposure


Perks Designed for Your Growth


Day 1 HMO coverage with free dependent
Competitive Salary Package
TemporaryWFH arrangement
Prime office location in Makati (Easy access to MRT stations, restaurants, and banks)
Unlimited upskilling through Emapta Academy courses (Want to know more? Visit https://bit.ly/EmaptaTrainingCalendar)
Free 24/7 access to our office gyms (Ortigas and Makati) with a free physical fitness trainer!
Exclusive Emapta Lifestyle perks (hotel and restaurant discounts, and more!)
Unlimited opportunities for employee referral incentives across the organization
Standard government and Emapta benefits
Total of 20 annual leaves to be used on your own discretion (including 5 credits convertible to cash)
Fun engagement activities for employees
Mentorship and exposure to global leaders and teams
Career growth opportunities
Diverse and supportive work environment


Skills to Write Your Legacy


2–3 years of campaign management experience.
At least 1 year of hands-on digital media buying experience with a major ad network, affiliate network, or ad agency.
Experience measuring and optimizing performance on a CPA basis.
Strong analytical, organizational, and results-driven mindset, with a focus on ROI.
Comfort leading communications in client-facing and internal meetings.
Ability to solve both long-term and short-term problems, managing immediate issues while addressing root causes.
Adaptability to a fast-paced, rapidly changing business environment.
Tech-savvy approach to workflows, using tools to save time and improve efficiency.


Additional Qualifications


Proven experience in programmatic and/or social media buying in a professional setting.
Solid understanding of web technologies (e.g., pixels, HTML, JavaScript).
Proficiency in Microsoft Excel and Google Docs.
Familiarity with website tracking tools such as Google Analytics and Ghostery.
Exceptional accuracy and attention to detail.
Professional maturity, integrity, discipline, and a positive attitude.


Hands-On with High Impact


Execute paid media campaigns across social publishers and programmatic DSPs, including Appnexus, TradeDesk, and others.
Optimize campaigns for ROAS and LTV using data, ensuring brand compliance and flawless execution.
Build and refine processes with a focus on efficiency, safeguards, and continuous improvement.
Collaborate with the product team by recommending design changes and enhancements for ongoing platform improvement.
