* Accompanies my advisory class during assemblies,
conducted advisory or homeroom guidance program
and GMRC class.

* Investigates offenses committed by the members of my

Languages advisory class, coordinated with the guidance office and
with their parents for proper handling of the situation and
giving sanctions depending on the weight of the offenses
made.

Filipino

English = 08/2009 - 06/2016 | Nunukan Elementary School, DepEd

Province of Tawi-Tawi, Philippines
Public Elementary School Teacher and Adviser

* Designed and delivered individual lesson plans in

| t t elementary science for my grade 4, 5 and 6 pupils |am

nterests handling using a variety of teaching techniques and
learning styles applicable at their age and interests.
Ip re rey : ¢ Prepared materials for lessons, assignments, and tests;
‘Y Singing/Music evaluated, corrected, and graded pupils’ performances.
- = ° upened the pupils’ performances, tardiness and
Gardening absenteeism during the Parent's Teacher Conference
quarterly and home visited pupils with more absences.
ViaKviiw ‘pe * Closely monitored my advisory pupils during
FAR ARNIE) GIETASST assemblies, reading of honors deed other soled tolsted
activities.

* Helped the learners improved their academic

hin pte and communicative abilities by using
ilingual languages such as Filipino and English inside
. the classroom and school campus.
Certificates * Served as grade 4 section A adviser and a subject-
a teacher of grades 4-6 classes for 6 years.
e Highimpsct eaching in the
Re Misia ect oy ae 06/1998 - 05/2009 | Notre Dame of Sibutu High School
hs caine: Ts salt ng STEM in Private High School of OMI Priests

Southeast Asia (03-2022) Province of Tawi-Tawi, Philippines

Pra nol GrGCEDIA Rebuilding Private High School Teacher, Adviser and Principal

Communities: Peaceful World * Designed and delivered individual lesson plans in

and Empowered Learners secondary sciences | am handling using a variety of

(02-04-2022 teaching techniques and learning styles applicable at

« Webinar Series in Teaching their age and interests.
Chemistry (07-09 to 24-2020) ¢ Prepared materials for lessons, assignments, and tests;
een eee ae een eee evaluated, corrected, and graded students
Mea sina Tascning ithe Science performances.
(07-24-2020) * Helped promote a culture where diversity is
+ Home-Based Learning for Older encouraged and where students learned to respect

Learners (07-21-2020) differences, take responsibility for their actions, exercise

: eee ie leadership and strive for academic excellence

Strategi 7-202 ¢ Helped uplift the communicative abilities of the

ae ele > students by using and applying Filipino and English
° ee 17-2020) languages in the classroom and in the campus.
* pr si, gon the operation of the school. Supervised
school staff regarding instruction, curriculum, student
Programs and issues, and other related school
operations. Scheduled and attended meetings, as
appropriate.