CONTACT CAREER OBJECTIVE
x a Graduate with a degree in Bachelor of Science in Hospitality Management from Father
RX 0966-752-6930 / 09096334049 Saturnino Urios University. Has the ability to work flexible and finish the task on time, with
the ability to understand and with an excellent communication skills and negotiation skills
coralinelhou@gmail.com towards other. Has leadership skills and able to manage events which helped me to learn
and develop my skills. Willing to take challenging position in this reputable organization to
i?) 756 New Society Village, Butuan Gity expand my learning, knowledge, and skills. In return, | will assure to offer my service and
= ; determination and give a satisfaction in providing the better quality of service to the clients
bi Htths:/7WWw. Facebook.com) and to my fellow co-workers.
jajamae.aguillar,
WORK EXPERIENCE
EDUCATION aaa nem iinaialicaniniianeneeatisieeiaeiaadinnieaaea TREAT E
“ty Sa a emantES g Almont Inland Hotels and Resorts December 2023
On-call (Part-time) - Cold Kitchen Staff
<a eee URIOS * Preparing food orders for function events by applying the importance of food
safety and regulations when working with perishable ingredients.
UNIVERSITY * Effective communication is essential to ensure smooth operation in the kitchen.
© Bachelor of Science in Hospitality . pera Is the key in the kitchen, which include assisting colleagues when
Management ‘
= Cum iaude The —— ed Café April 2024
r
 Givil Service Eligible Operation Manage
= y —— ——s * Develop and execute comprehensive operational strategies aligned with the company’s
=—Diplomain totel and Restaurant cuts gosls aid GjettNee.
Services Technology * Ensures the products and services meet quality standards and customer satisfaction by
z implementing quality controls and monitoring the performance metrics.
2018 - 2020 * Providing a leadership, mentoring, and managing to a high-performing operational teams,
BP. PUEBLOS SENIOR HIGH fostering a collaborative and results-driven work environment.
SCHOOL ee = Almont Inland Hotels & Resorts August - October 2023
* Accountancy, Business anc Internship (400 hours) - F&B and
Management Housekeeping Attendant
* Maintaining cleanliness, order, and hygiene throughout the facility, including guest
fooms, common spaces, and back-of-house facilities.
Ss KILLS * Purchasing and managing cleaning materials, equipment, and facilities.
ee: * Working with other departments, such as the front desk and maintenance, to organize
Quest services and successfully address concerns.
o. Leade > Astorla Palawan June - August 2023
© Teamwork Internship Supervisory (300 hours)
2~Time Manageme
° Soft Sk * Plan and manage all aspects in food and beverages operations to ensure the quality of
s=—Customer ; Skill products and services.
S Giitical Thinking . — compliance with health and safety requirements and upholding sanitary
% andards.
fe sete ni y * Handling client queries, complaints, and comments to ensure high customer satisfaction.
e iMmanciai Act rent
RELEVANT CERTIFICATE Righy's Rebineene Butuan June - August 2022
ee Internship (300 hours)
NC III Boold “fs * Food and beverages staffs, Has an experience in Bar and Beverages section. .
e N Bookkeeping
REFERENCE
LANGUAGE pera ele Ete ee
s. IRENE-8. FERNANDEZ VENUS C. MONTILLA
st Scanned with G
2 E (rere ate) FIG Administrative Officer Hotel Manager, Almont City Hotel
x. Fagalog {Fluent} Phone #: 09514590728 Phone #: 09101696408