uw ‘Aro you related by consanguinity or affinity to the appointing or recommending authority, oto the :
Chief of bureau or office or to the person who has immediate supervision over you In the Office,
Bureau or Department where you will be apppointed,
&. within the third degree? QO ves @ wo
b. within the fourth degree (for Local Government Unit - Career Employees)? © yes @ vo
WYES, give detaits
35. &. Have you ever been found guilty of any administrative offense? D vs No
WYES, give details:
b. Have you been criminally charged before any court? O ves NO
ITYES, give details:
Date Filed:
Status of Case/s: —
36. Have you ever been convicted of any crime or violation of any law, decree, ordinance or regulation Oo
by any court or tribunal? YES Le)
IYES, give details:
sciatica
37. Have you ever been separated from the service in any of the following modes: resignation, D ves @ no
retirement, dropped from the rolls, dismissal, termination, end of term, finished contract or phased IEYES, give details:
‘out (abolition) in the public or private sector? epee ———
38. & Have you ever been @ candidate in a national or local election held within the last year (except O ves no
Barangay election)? ITYES, give details:
‘b. Have you resigned from the goverment service during the three (3)-month period before the last} YES @ no
election to promote/actively campaign for a national or local candidate? IFYES, give details:
ha
39. Have you acquired the status of an immigrant or permanent resident of another country? O ves no
If YES, give details (country):
pe ee
2. Pursuant to: (a) Indigenous People's Act (RA 8371); (b) Magna Carta for Disabled Persons (RA
7277); and (c) Solo Parents Welfare Act of 2000 (RA 8972), please answer the following items:
a Are you a member of any indigenous group? O ves NO
If YES, please specify:
> Are you a person with disability? O yes NO
If YES, please specify ID No:
i. Are you a solo parent? O yes NO
If YES, please specify IDNo:
——
Fee
es oe
oa sercn ——__—emmumnsumcvooc.sun fussreors |
42 | deciare under oath that I have personally accomplished this Personal Data Sheet which is a true, correct and
complete statement pursuant to the provisions of pertinent laws, rules and regulations of the Republic of the 3 ,
1 agree that any misrepresentation made in this document and its attachments shall cause the filing of
PLEASE INDICATE 1D Number and Date of issuance
Pia ee
‘SUBSCRIBED AND SWORN to before me this ___ SS __ aiant exhibiting histner validly issued government ID as indicated above,