t
B to the appointing or recommending authority, or to the
Srson who has immediate supervision over you In the Office,
ou will be apppointed,
cm Oves (no
4 degree (for Local Government Unit - Career Employees)? O ves (J no
Po IYES, give details:
e you ever been found guilty of any administrative offense? Oves [xo
ITYES, give details:
b. Have you been criminally changed before any court? O ves no
IFYES, give details:
Date Filed:
cco ah yA
38. Have you ever been convicted of any crime or violation of any law, decree, ordinance or regulation by Oves [no
any court or tribunal? If YES, give details:
cnet eeacaaamrsaaatacammmmmmmmmmmmmmmiaaiaaiie
37. Have you ever been separated from the service in any of the following modes: resignation, O ves @ no
retirement, dropped from the rolls, dismissal, termination, end of term, finished contract or phased out If YES, give details:
bolition) in the public or private sector? ——
38. &. Have you ever been a candidate in a national or local election held within the last year (except DO ves no
Suengiy eecton)? YES, give details:
'b. Have you resigned from the goverment service during the three (3)-month period before the last O ves no
election to promote/actively campaign for a national or local candidate? Uy ee
39. Have you acquired the status of an immigrant or permanent resident of another country? Oves [no
If YES, give details (country):
®. Pursuant to: (a) Indigenous People's Act (RA 8371); (b) Magna Carta for Disabled Persons (RA
7277); and (c) Solo Parents Welfare Act of 2000 (RA 8972), please answer the following items:
Are you a member of any indigenous group? O yes Gino
If YES, please specify:
. Are you a person with disability? O yes Eno
If YES, please specify ID No:
© Are you a solo parent? O yes Eno
If YES, please specify ID No:
SESSA SORRY RE RE ae ~
Spe ewe
con® ma ee
(passport sze)
seme
Mame tag and sx over
on
‘42. | declare under oath that | have personally accomplished this Personal Data Sheet which is a true, correct and complete statement or photocopied picture
pursuant to the provisions of pertinent laws, rules and regulations of the Republic of the Philippines. | authorize the agency 's not acceptable
head/authorized representative to verify/validate the contents stated herein. | agree that any misrepresentation made in this
document and its attachments shall cause the filing of administrative/criminal case/s against me. PHOTO
0 nent Issued ID (.e Passport, GSIS, SSS, PRC, Diver's Lanse, etc )
PLEASE INDICATE ID Number and Date of Issuance / |
— oT
SUBSCRIBED AND SWORN tobeforemethis_ | | |, affiant exhibiting his/her validly issued government ID as indicated above.
Person Administering Oath
TS FORM 212 (Rewised 2017), Page 40r4