,parative
. compara |
METI -0s¢ Rizal: The Man and the Hero a's vers texts a
il es) 1 in true scientific spirit pore aloes rraction Le
i! ‘inciples of historical criticism and in sonclusic and fr d 3 aia
1 pr in ples § ey amore or JeBs definite conclusion, f ef? 18 1935, {
attitude, to arrive at a 0 pi! May ay aisecs
: oP «on was OW MS
The Versions of Rizal’s Retraction grey Garcia Th &
A srsions of the all ged retraction lett, pe atraction,
There are at least four versions si fe i text was fables sir ys ae ficant differ
oy ich have surfaced. The first i isheg pi? ign
pire sm eee . d Diaro de Manila on the very day of ese a ok FE: Balague
i V/ LS, hola an ip Ak es B
cae Oe Beseintex 30, 1896. The sale a appeared pe pF purposes of co}
| i Sos february 14, 1897, in the fortnight} or P letter.
| ae Barcelona, pe ot oe aN n an anonymous writer M ¥ jon Leen
magazine La Juventud; it came fron he “oni who ead ;
} revealed himself 14 years later.as Fr. Balaguer. he “original text Fr. Balaguer s
BL was discovered in the archdiocesan archives on May ci 1935, >
i after it disappeared for 39 years from the pace, of the day Me declaro bs
hg when Rizal was shot. The fourth text appeared in Imparcia| duque quiro UUW
y on the day after Rizal’s execution; it is the short formula of the # cuanto en mu
| retraction.” ha nabido contr
' ti The original copy of the text, however, remains at large. What creo y profeso a
fi was made available was the reproduction of the lost original Ella manda. Al
Ppl which had been made by a copyist who could imitate Rizal's que es de la Igle
Ld handwriting. This fact is revealed by Fr. Balaguer himself who, Puede el F
| hae in his letter to his former superior Fr. Pio Pi in 1910, said that ‘astica ha
} § he had received “an exact copy of the retraction written and eclest ae ea
ie signed by Rizal. The handwriting of this copy I do not know nor mia, DE P
i do I remember whose it is.” He proceeded: “I even suspect that _ podido causar,
hi it might have been written by Rizal himself. I am sending it ¢ ‘anila, 2:
anes g is) ?
b af you that you may verify whether it might be of Rizal himself”

. 8 ; “ MA
bh Fr. Pi was not able to verify it in his sworn statement. B. The “Oris
Hy Regarding the “original text,” no one claimed to have seen ed
f it, except the publishers of La Voz Espanola. That newspaper Me decla

l reported; “Still more, we have seen and read his (Rizal) own me eduque
i eee retraction, which he sent to our dear and venerable M ‘
et 1SNOp.— ; e retra
4 Neither Fr, Pi ; : : . escritos, in
sf Mal > ue nor the Archbishop ascertained whether Rizal calid 4 i I
if sell was the one who wrote and signed the retraction. The Ro ee
if Archbishop testified: “At once the unders} bine : cuanto ella
holograph to Rev. Thomas G ersigned entrusted this boring
. as -
Al Chancery: After that the doannerce eels 3p ti o Iglesia, y ¢
if who wanted to nes could not be seen by those ;
examine it an F ; el Pre
efforts to look for it pr « was finally considered lost after h ds
‘ : proved futile. | acer pub
A : 1
Rafael Pal
2024/09/08 08:51 2