CONTACT CAREER OBJECTIVE
. a Graduate with a degree in Bachelor of Science in Hospitality Management from Father
RX. 0966-752-6930 / 09096334049 Saturnino Urios University. Has the ability to work flexible and finish the task on time, with
the ability to understand and with an excellent communication skills and negotiation skills
coralinelhou@gmail.com towards other. Has leadership skills and able to manage events which helped me to learn
and develop my skills. Willing to take challenging position in this reputable organization to
i°) 756 New Society Village, Butuan City expand my learning, knowledge, and skills. In return, | will assure to offer my service and
determination and give a satisfaction in providing the better quality of service to the clients
ft Htths:/ 7 Www. facebook.con7 and to my fellow co-workers.
jajamae.aguillar,
WORK EXPERIENCE
EDUCATION ——
ee Almont Inland Hotels and Resorts December 2023
On-call (Part-time) - Cold Kitchen Staff
a Serie HNOURIO + Preparing food orders for function events by applying the importance of food
aa SFE = safety and regulations when working with perishable ingredients.
UNIVERSITY. * Effective communication is essential to ensure smooth operation in the kitchen.
+ Bachelor of Science in Hospitality - Se ae ey ee en Ne Re Sel
Management ,
_» Cum Laude The ris Café April 2024
+ GwvilService Eligible Qperation Mansger
ait Sotetonadtestaoranit . ~~ operational strategies aligned with the company’s
Services Technology * Ensures the products and services meet quality standards and customer satisfaction by
implementing quality controls and monitoring the performance metrics.
2018 - 2020 * Providing a leadership, mentoring, and managing to a high-performing operational teams,
BP. PUEBLOS SENIOR HIGH fostering a collaborative and results-driven work environment.
——— Almont Inland Hotels & Resorts August - October 2023
eeyacconntancy, Business and Internship (400 hours) - F&B and
Management Housekeeping Attendant
* Maintaining cleanliness, order, and hygiene throughout the facility, including guest
Tooms, common spaces, and back-of-house facilities.
SKILLS * Purchasing and managing cleaning materials, equipment, and facilities.
i Ei * Working with other departments, such as the front desk and maintenance, to organize
Quest services and successfully address concerns.
e Manager k
2 Leads i Astoria Palawan June - August 2023
¢ Teamwork Internship Supervisory (300 hours)
* Soft Skills * Plan and manage all aspects in food and beverages operations to ensure the quality of
»—CustomerSeny Siti products and services.
S Critical Think * Ensuring compliance with health and safety requirements and upholding sanitary
AY Sire iii standards.
a _ silide BUH Y * Handling client queries, complaints, and comments to ensure high customer satisfaction.
¢ Financial Acument
RELEVANT CERTIFICATE Bighy's Robineons Butuen June - August 2022
ee Internship (300 hours)
NC II Bookkeeping * Food and beverages staffs. Has an experience in Bar and Beverages section.
REFERENCE
LANGUAGE See eee
= : La
les] Scanned with 6: IRENE-R. FERNANDEZ VENUS C. MONTILLA
2 E {lire ate) FIO Aaininistrative Officer Hotel Manager, Almont City Hotel
4 Fagalog {Fluent} Phone #: 09514590728 Phone #: 09101696408