* Accompanies my advisory class during assemblies,
conducted advisory or homeroom guidance program
and GMRC class.

* Investigates offenses committed by the members of my

Lan guages advisory class, coordinated with the guidance office and
with their parents for proper handling of the situation and
giving sanctions depending on the weight of the offenses

Flioin made.

lipino
English = 08/2009 - 06/2016 | Nunukan Elementary School, DepEd
Province of Tawi-Tawi, Philippines
Public Elementary School Teacher and Adviser

* Designed and delivered individual lesson plans in

| t t elementary science for my grade 4, 5 and 6 pupils |am

nterests handling using a variety of teaching techniques and
learning styles applicable at their age and interests.
Ip po es ¢ Prepared materials for lessons, assignments, and tests;
FY Singing/Music evaluated, corrected, and graded pupils’ performances.
; pe ° upaaed the pupils’ performances, tardiness and
Cardening absenteeism during the Parent's Teacher Conference
quarterly and home visited pupils with more absences.
Sey] * Closely monitored my advisory pupils during
PRS NAmg} SHAE’ assemblies, reading of honors eat other school related
activities.
* Helped the learners improved their academic
erformances and communicative abilities by using
Bilingual languages such as Filipino and English inside
. the classroom and school campus.
Certificates * Served as grade 4 section A adviser and a subject-
= teacher of grades 4-6 classes for 6 years.
Mine eee nen Se 06/1998 - 05/2009 | Notre Dame of Sibutu High School
Me cacies: Teaching STEMIA Private High School of OMI Priests
Southeast Asia (03-2022) Province of Tawi-Tawi, Philippines
a aaa 3 spe Private High School Teacher, Adviser and Principal
e The Role of GCED in Rebuilding

Communities: Peaceful World * Designed and delivered individual lesson plans in

and Empowered Learners secondary sciences | am handling using a variety of

(02-04-2022 teaching techniques and learning styles applicable at

= Webinar Series in Teaching their age and interests.

Chemistry (07-09 to 24-2020 ¢ Prepared materials for lessons, assignments, and tests;

Ing pane esa poe erg evaluated, corrected, and graded students

beiGafing Toachir ain tha’ Sélcnce performances.
(97724-2020) * Helped promote a culture where diversity is
« Home-Based Learning for Older encouraged and where students learned to respect
Learners (07-21-2020) differences, take responsibility for their actions, exercise
’ leadership and strive for academic excellence
e Exploring Blenced Learr

Strategie 19-202 ¢ Helped uplift the communicative abilities of the

ie Brine OF A students by using and applying Filipino and English
i eacnon 17-2020) languages in the classroom and in the campus.

* pi sons por the operation of the school. Supervised
school staff regarding instruction, curriculum, student
programs and issues, and other related school
operations. Scheduled and attended meetings, as
appropriate.