—
—
a I TE RE SEES
JOHN PATRICK B. CAWILI patrickcawli@gmall.com
‘ ; 367, Brgy. Isla, Pangil Laguna (4018) DOB October 3, 2000
Objective Seek to work in an environment that will challenge me further; while allowing me to
contribute to the continued growth and success of the organization. Obtain a position
that will provide me the ability to apply my work experience to a growing industry.
Look forward to working with a company that promotes equality to all; and provides
me with the opportunity to meet and exceed assigned goals.
Education Dila Elementary School
Brgy. Dila, Sta. Rosa Laguna
2011-2013 —
Aplaya National High-School Annex 1- APEX
Brgy. Market Area, Sta. Rosa Laguna
2012-2016 —
Labas Senior High School Stand Alone
Brgy. Labas, Sta. Rosa Laguna
2016-2018 —
Laguna University
Bachelor of Science in Tourism Management
2020-2024 —
Skills * Team player with demonstrated leadership skills.
* Ability to learn and operate various technology.
* Empowering someone by positivity mindset
¢ Hungry for new learning
* Ability to create good rapporteur that easily transcend with different cultures
Training AEFTHER: Amplifying Excellence for the Future Tourism and Hospitality Era
(s), Colegio De San Juan Letran, Calamba Laguna, 2023
Seminar “Character Building and Personality Development 2022" The Winning Image
(s), of the Tourism Professionals
Conference Laguna University, 2022
(s)
attended Unawa at Kalinga "Mental Health Webinar"
Laguna University, 2022
Experience GOLDEN ARCHES DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION (MCDONALD'S)
Location: Sta. Rosa Laguna
Position: Service Crew / Cashier
Duration: October 2018 - March 2020
- Provided customer service with a quick and accurate reaction, showing the customer
sensitivity to their individual needs
- Selected food items from serving or storage areas and place them in dishes, on serving
trays, or in takeout bags.
- Cleaned and organized eating, service, and customer or lobby areas.
-Responsible attitude, remaining calm under pressure and possessing decision-making
skills.
THE COFFEE AFFAIR BISTRO (TCA)
Location: Bagumbayan, Sta. Cruz Laguna